Basically a simple python script which does tiling on any windowmanager (Perfectly on pekwm and openbox. Partly on compiz due to the fact that compiz says it has a single desktop even if there are 4 virtual desktops, which means all the windows you have will be tiled).
It uses wmctrl to get the info and manage the windows. Bind options to keys or to autowhatever-on-window-creation-hook.  A sample xbindkeysrc file is included.

Usage: OPTION

Standard options:
simple 		- The basic tiling layout . 1 Main + all other at the side.
swap 		- Will swap the active window to master column
cycle 		- Cycle all the windows in the master pane
vertical 	- Simple vertical tiling
horizontal 	- Simple horizontal tiling
maximize 	- Maximize the active window/ for openbox which doesn't permit resizing of max windows
max_all 	- Maximize all windows

Grid options:

The following grid options mimic the functionality of compiz's grid plugin which in turn mimics the functionality of winsplit revolution.

top_left        - Place the active window in the top left corner of the screen
top             - Place the active window along the top of the screen
top_right       - Place the active window in the top right corner of the screen
left,right 	- Does the new windows7 ish style of sticking to the sides.
middle          - Place the active window in the middle of the screen
bottom_left     - Place the active window in the bottom left corner of the screen
bottom          - Place the active window along the bottom of the screen
bottom_right    - Place the active window in the bottom right corner of the screen

Multiple calls to any of the grid options on the same active window will select different widths.  Grid widths can be changed in the ~/.stilerrc file.

On first run stiler will create a config file ~/.stilerrc. Modify the values to suit your window decorations/Desktop padding.  Change the GridWidths list to define different widths for the grid options.

If you need other layouts modify get_simple_tile 
